What's wrong Nan Nan
Lu Xiao bullied you
No, he's been nice to me.
It's just that he suspects the child in my belly
It's not his own.
Have you had sex with someone else?
How is that possible?
I've always been protective
Nan Nan, you are really not my fault?
What if it were me?
I broke up a long time ago
You said the two of you are not a good match either.
You have no feelings for him
If it weren't for the baby in my belly
You two can't be together at all
You see our conditions are so good
Don't you have everything you are looking for?
Why are you hanging on a courier?
He's actually a nice guy
Just have vanity
big talk
But I believe he will change
Dogs can't change to eat shit
Nan Nan
Is it possible that his parent-child answering report
It's a video with another woman
Other Women
Yeah, didn't you say that?
He always has beautiful women around him
He can make your belly bigger
It can also make someone's belly bigger
Okay?